In this project, I implemented a simple version of a youtube likes server and how the server interacts with the client in order to calculate and keep track of how many likes a video has. I approached this project by making 3 executable files: parent, primary, likes. These all represent the different processes that will be running (12 in total). My makefile compiles them all separately into executables, but to test it, the user only needs to start the primary and parent. The parent will fork processes and execl the like executable into the processes. (replaces the already started processes) All of the executables have their own logger functions that I implemented in order to keep track of everything (that I deemed important) and write it to their logs. The parent process forks the child processes, and then it execs the likeServer implementation into those processes. The LikesServers generate random likes and send them to the PrimaryLikesServer. It also includes a timeout feature using a signal after 5 minutes (300 seconds). Includes a random interval for when to send likes, aka "sleep(1-5 seconds). The primaryLikesServer is built using a select function/sets for it to receive all clients through sockets. The implementation also includes a data validation function that ensures the data received is from a likesServer0-9 and that the likes received is between 0-43 (43 exclusive). All files come with their own versions of a logger (function that logs its necessary actions according to documentation)

My approach to this project has been assisted by mostly AI. It also has been brought to my attention that I should be as specific as possible. I used AI to make a skeleton and from there I implemented it. For explaining what I mean by skeleton, I basically summarized what I would be doing in the project and what the best approach to it was. From there, it laid out a foundation of what kinds of classes there needs to be and how I should approach it (e.g It reiterated what I said and summarized it better with more steps; create two processes by running two execeutables, the parent and the primary server) From there, I continued to implement. As for how I did the sockets, I also asked AI to generate me an example code of how/what the syntax would look like and what error checking there needs to be. (Note that I did not search anything up this project, rather I relied on AI to explain stuff for me, although I am fully aware that it could be totally wrong) I asked AI things like what the parameters of the sockets are, what it means, why is it written like this, are there other methods of implementation, and stuff like that. It also suggested me the method of using a select to handle multiple socket connections from all of the clients. I didn't exactly know what the select was, so there I went again asking away of all the details about the select, how it works, what parameters it takes, stuff like that. In the end, I managed to complete it, just having trouble with the syntax.

[INSTRUCTIONS ON HOW TO RUN]

First compile the project by just running the makefile: just type "make" into the terminal
After it compiles (shouldn't throw any errors or warnings, email me otherwise) you should open up another terminal and go to the project 2 directory
Now that you have two terminals side by side, you can start the PrimaryLikesServer by typing "./primary" into the first terminal.
On your other terminal, you can start the ParentProcess (which starts the likeServers) by typing "./parent" into the second terminal. (Note that you can start the parent first, but it will time out after a certain amount of attempts to connect, unless you start up the primary in time)
Now you should see that on the terminal with the PrimaryLikesServer, I printed out pseudo-log responses so that it would be easier to track (unless you want to just open the file), it should be printing what server sent likes and the total as well. (Does not include when they start or terminate, go to the parent log to find that)
On the ParentProcess terminal, you should see the LikesServer[0-9] on how many likes they sent, and if they received the response from the PrimaryLikesServer.
Note that the LikesServers terminate after 5 minutes and it should end the ParentProcess. However, the PrimaryLikesServer should still be running (idle) and will not exit unless you ctrl+c it.
All the log files can be found in /tmp (go there by typing "cd /tmp" into terminal, but you already know this)
Use "ls" to see what the names of the log files are, but I can leave them here as well: PrimaryLikesServer ~ primaryLog.log, ParentProcess ~ ParentProcessStatus.log, LikesServer ~ LikesServer[0-9].log (the likes server each have their own logs)
That is pretty much all I have to say on how to run it.
